<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<title>Math K2</title>
	<link href="css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body   xml:lang="en-US">
	
	<p class="txt">
		<strong>Carmelita D. Marasigan</strong> currently serves as the coordinator and
a teacher for the preschool levels at Bloomfield Academy in Las Piñas
City. She graduated from the Philippine Normal University (PNU) with
a Bachelor of Science in Education degree. She also took up units in
elementary education at the said institution.
	</p>

	<p class="txt">
		She has been an author and a coauthor of the <strong>Abiva Preschool
Series</strong> since 2000. She has also attended several education-related
seminars, and is a member of Gabay Guro, an organization that
helps in the professional development of teachers through literacy
training programs.
	</p>

	
	
	<br/>

	<p class="txt">
		<strong>Elena B. Morales</strong> graduated with a Bachelor of Science in
Elementary and Secondary Education degree at PNU. She obtained
a certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages
from the Asian Seminary of Christian Ministries, and a certificate in
Language Teaching from PNU.
	</p>
	<p class="txt">
		She taught at Elizabeth Seton School and Merry Treasure School
(MTS) in Las Piñas City. At present, she is a voluntary craft teacher
and preschool teacher in China. She has also attended many
seminars.
	</p>
	

	<br/>
	<p class="txt">
		<strong>Lilybeth B. Roy</strong> is currently the coordinator and a teacher
for the preschool levels at MTS in Las Piñas City. She completed
her Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education degree with
specialization in Preschool Education at PNU. She has been a
preschool teacher for twenty years.
	</p>
	
	<br/>
	<p class="txt">
		<strong>Dalrose Ann C. Sambo</strong> graduated from the University of Negros
Occidental–Recoletos in 1984 with a Bachelor of Science in Mass
Communications degree. In 1986, she completed units in her
Bachelor of Science in Education degree at PNU, earning herself a
certificate in Teaching Program.
	</p>
	
	<p class="txt">
		She passed the Career Service Subprofessional Examination in
1982 and the Licensure Examination for Teachers (LET) in 2000. She
taught for the preschool levels at Elizabeth Seton School in 1986 and
MTS in 1992. She is currently a preschool teacher and, at the same 
time, the coordinator of the preschool department at the Cavite
School of Life (CSL).
	</p> 
	
	<br/>
	<p class="txt">
		<strong>Carolina T. Tirona</strong> earned her Bachelor of Arts in Sociology
degree from the University of Santo Tomas (UST) in 1979. She took up
units in Education in 1981 and obtained a certificate in Preschool
Specialization in 1983 from PNU. She also took up units in master’s
degree in Psychology, major in Educational Management, at UST.
	</p>
	
	<p class="txt">
		From being a teacher to a principal sums up Ms. Tirona’s career
ladder. She taught all subjects in the preschool and primary levels
at Elizabeth Seton School, Las Piñas City, from 1979 to 1992. During
her tenure at the said school, she also became a coordinator of two
extracurricular organizations and underwent training as head of the
grade school department. In 1992, she transferred to MTS, where
she taught all subjects in the nursery level. In the years that followed,
she had become the guidance and preschool coordinator, and the
vice principal of the school. At present, she is the principal of MTS.
	</p>
	
	<p class="txt">
		Ms. Tirona has been an author and a coauthor of the
<strong>Abiva Preschool Series</strong>. Since 1979, she has been conducting
and attending in-service seminars in and out of MTS. She also
participates actively in various religious and professional organizations.
She was the public relations officer of the Las Piñas Private Schools
Association (LAPPRISA) from 2008 to 2010 and is currently the
secretary and one of its contributory writers.
	</p>
	
	
	<br/>
	<p class="txt">
		<strong>Elsie T. Torreno</strong> graduated from PNU in 1975 with a degree of
Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education. In 1980, she received
her Master of Arts in Child Study degree from the same university.
	</p>
	
	<p class="txt">
		Over the past sixteen years, Ms. Torreno has served as a
principal in different educational institutions. In 1994, she was the
principal of MTS in Las Piñas City. Her administrative experience was
enhanced when she held a similar position at Riyadh International
School in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia seven years later. She
returned to the Philippines in 2004 and became the principal of CSL.
At present, she is the assistant to the directress and the preschool
head of Bloomfield Academy.
	</p>
	
	<p class="txt">
		A devoted educator, Ms. Torreno has conducted seminars
for teachers from different educational levels all over the country.
She has been an author, a coauthor, the coordinator, and the
consultant of the early editions of <strong>Abiva Preschool Series</strong>. She was
also the president of the Bacoor Sports Meet Council, a board
member of the Cavite Alliance of Private Schools, a member
of the Cavite Educational Media Association of Private School
Administrators, and the auditor of LAPPRISA.
	</p>


</body>
</html>